33 updates to using git from rstudio (#49)
UCL-ARC/r-amr-epidemiology: episodes/08-rs-github-collab.md

Remember that the name you give to a remote only exists locally. It's
an alias that you choose - whether `origin`, or `upstream`, or `quirksahern` -
and not something intrinstic to the remote repository.

The `git remote` family of commands is used to set up and alter the remotes
associated with a repository. Here are some of the most useful ones:

- `git remote -v` lists all the remotes that are configured (we already used
  this in the last episode)
- `git remote add [name] [url]` is used to add a new remote
- `git remote remove [name]` removes a remote. Note that it doesn't affect the
  remote repository at all - it just removes the link to it from the local repo.
- `git remote set-url [name] [newurl]` changes the URL that is associated
  with the remote. This is useful if it has moved, e.g. to a different GitHub
  account, or from GitHub to a different hosting service. Or, if we made a typo when
  adding it!
- `git remote rename [oldname] [newname]` changes the local alias by which a remote
  is known - its name. For example, one could use this to change `upstream` to `alfred`.
  

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

> ![](fig/rs-gh-pull-collab-changes.png){alt='A screenshot of RStudio showing owner's file and Pull option'}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![](fig/rs-gh-pull-collab-changes.png){alt="A screenshot of RStudio showing owner's file and Pull option"}
```

Not 100% sure by think the `'` of `owner's` is messing up the syntax here
